Update to the GitHub Subprocessors and Cookies policy - Winter 2019 (#154)
github/site-policy: Policies/github-subprocessors-and-cookies.md

#### Google Analytics

We use Google Analytics as a third party analytics service, and to track our advertising campaigns on third party websites and services. We use Google Analytics to collect information about how our website performs and how our users, in general, navigate through and use GitHub. This helps us evaluate our users' use of GitHub; compile statistical reports on activity; and improve our content and website performance. Google provides further information about its own privacy practices and [offers a browser add-on to opt out of Google Analytics tracking](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

#### Pages on GitHub where analytics may be enabled

> The following pages and the subdomains of those pages on our main site may have analytics or other tracking code enabled. If you would like to prevent us from collecting information about your browsing activity on GitHub, you may use a tracking blocker such as [Privacy Badger](https://www.eff.org/privacybadger) or opt out of Google Analytics tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following pages (and any page that starts with one of these URLs) main site may have analytics or other tracking code enabled. If you would like to prevent us from collecting information about your browsing activity on GitHub, you may use a tracking blocker such as [Privacy Badger](https://www.eff.org/privacybadger) or opt out of Google Analytics tracking.
```

A [subdomain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subdomain) is something else entirely..

Author: @j-f1 Thank you for the feedback and suggestion! I will take a closer look at your recommendation this week. I'll leave your suggested change open, in case we decide to commit in your recommendation as-is.

> The following pages and the subdomains of those pages on our main site may have analytics or other tracking code enabled. If you would like to prevent us from collecting information about your browsing activity on GitHub, you may use a tracking blocker such as [Privacy Badger](https://www.eff.org/privacybadger) or opt out of Google Analytics tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
Pages at URLs that contain any of the following domains and paths (including any subdomains or subpaths) on our sites may have analytics or other tracking code enabled. If you would like to prevent us from collecting information about your browsing activity on GitHub, you may use a tracking blocker such as [Privacy Badger](https://www.eff.org/privacybadger) or opt out of Google Analytics tracking.
```

@j-f1 thanks again for your feedback! We took another look, and based on your recommendation, decided to add some more clarifications that we think represent the intended meaning of the sentence.
